So many choices that I could make;
So many pathways that I could take.
I know that someday I’ll make my vow;
How will I know if that time is now?
I’ve seen the blessings that come to those
Who take their stand for you.
This isn’t something somebody chose for me;
It’s something I want to do.
I want to stand up on my two feet;
I want to answer the call.
I want to have your help when I am weak;
I want to give you my all.
I want to know you and be your friend;
I want the life that’ll never end.
I know you’re real; it’s plain to see.
No other God could there be for me.
Life’s not a party, not just for fun;
The journey’s just begun.
I want to give you
my best while I’m still young,
To side with you and your son.
I want to stand up on my two feet;
I want to answer the call.
I want to have your help when I am weak;
I want to give you my all.